1. What is the purpose of having an individual handler function for each exception/interrupt? (i.e., if all exceptions/interrupts were delivered to the same handler, what feature that exists in the current implementation could not be provided?)
The purpose is so that the kernel can determine which trap occurred and apply specific handling policies based accordingly. It allows the the kernel to push
the correct trap number into the trapframe and initiate different logic such as the page fault handler, syscall handler, breakpoint monitor, etc. If it was all in the same handler, the kernel would also lose the ability to
selectively expose certain traps while in user mode and initiate trap-specific logic based on the trap number.

2. Did you have to do anything to make the user/softint program behave correctly? The grade script expects it to produce a general protection fault (trap 13), but softint’s code says int $14. Why should this produce interrupt vector 13? What happens if the kernel actually allows softint’s int $14 instruction to invoke the kernel’s page fault handler (which is interrupt vector 14)?
No, we did not have to do anything additional to make it behave correctly. The IDT was set up with page faults gate at DPL 0 which is only callalbe from kernel mode, so when int $14 called from user mode with CPL = 3, it automatically caused a general protection fault (trap 13), which was the expected behavior as the CPL was > DPL.
It produces trap 13 because int $14 is a page fault which is defined for DPL 0, but since user mode runs in DPL 3, the CPU rejects the interrupt and raises a general protection fault instead which is trap 13.
If softint’s int $14 instruction was allowed, then user programs could invoke this fault without there actually being a page fault, which would result in incorrect behavior as there would be no useful information in the CR2 register and the error codes would not represent an actual fault.





Extra Credit 1 Questions
1. The break point test case will either generate a break point exception or a general protection fault depending on how you initialized the break point entry in the IDT (i.e., your call to SETGATE from trap_init). Why? How do you need to set it up in order to get the breakpoint exception to work as specified above and what incorrect setup would cause it to trigger a general protection fault?
The breakpoint test will generate eitehr a breakboint exception or general protection fault because it can only be invoked if the current privilege level is less than or equal to the gate's DPL. If it is not less than the gate's DPL, the processor will raise a general protection fault instead of the breakpoint exception, otherwise, if it is less than, it will properly cause a breakpoint exception.
To get it to work correctly, the breakpoint entry must be set up with DPL 3: SETGATE(idt[T_BRKPT], 0, GD_KT, th_brkpt, 3);
To get the incorrect setup with a general protection fault you would set it up with DPL 0: SETGATE(idt[T_BRKPT], 0, GD_KT, th_brkpt, 0);

2. What do you think is the point of these mechanisms, particularly in light of what the user/softint test program does?
The point is to control entry into the kernel, where it should only expose the intended entry points such as breakpoint and syscall to the user in user mode, while other handlers such as page fault are to remain kernel-only.
This is demonstrated by softint because even though it executes int $14 for page fault, the user should not have direct access to invoke the page fault handler. Because these mechanisms existed, it raised the proper 
general protection fault instead to prevent unwanted behavior from happening when a page fault handler is called when there is no page fault.